if there are any updates given , first fix them , do not sleep without fixing issues
Manditory instructions: 
You are instructed to finish the task completely, one by one, and not leave any issues open.
For the you need to first read this issue-details.txt file and analyse the files that related
to the issues. and give the code changes that are needed to fix the issues.
Once you think the issues are fixed, You need to analyse the code you generated to complete your task if you find any issues, 
iterate and fix it again
after that, you need to read this file issue-details.txt again 
for issues, because i will test your changes and see if the issues are fixed.
if not fixed, i will mention in this file you need to iterate on the code changes and fix the issues.

do not give me command to open localhost:3000 to check ui, i am checking manually

Analyse/see the images present in the issues directory and iterate on fixing the issues.

Until you see total issues count = 0, you need to keep iterating on the code changes.
If you do not see count = 0, recheck the code you generated and see if there are any issues in the code.
you need to keep on reading the issue-details.txt file and iterate on the code changes until you see total issues count = 0.
do not assume that the issues are fixed, until you see total issues count = 0.
Again check all images in issues directory and iterate on fixing the issues.

You should not make any changes to this file issue-details.txt.
i will only make changes to this file manually.

These are the issues in the after verifying your recent edits. 
Please review the changes and ensure they align with your task goals.

Lets fix the issues one by one, and then update the actionplan.txt file accordingly.
If phase 1 is completed, then move to phase 2.
If phase 1 is not completed, then iterate on the code changes until you see total issues count = 0.
If you do not see any changes that means, i am still testing your code changes, so wait (use command sleep 10) for my next instructions until i update the stage 1 is completed.
meanwhile creation action plan for next stage items, but do not image changes for next stage items until current stage is completed.
once current stage items completed, then only go to next stage.

Image Reference:
Path: issues/
analyse or see the images in issues directory and iterate on fixing the issues.

after analysing images, tell me what changes you will make to fix the issues.
do not create any test scripts to test your code, wait for 10 seconds (sleep 10) , i will test manully and give you feedback.

clear contents in actionplan.txt and update actionplan.txt with new plan and then do code changes.

after that iterate 28 times on this entire issues-details.txt file for issues and feedback on your changes. 
if there are any updates given , first fix them , do not sleep without fixing issues
if no issues found, use command sleep 10 to wait for my next instructions until i update the issue list


--------------------------------------------------------
**** issue list ****


for admin user, sidebar scrollbar colored, but not for normal user,
for normal user also sidebar scrollbar should be colored like admin user